Game name: Mega Invaders
Mega Invaders is a revival of the classic top-down shooter "Space Invaders".
38 years ago, humanity invented laser cannons to drive off wave after wave of
approaching alien hordes. Now, the aliens are back, and stronger than before.

In order to save humanity, you must enter your spaceship and fight off the approaching
invaders. You will move your vehicle using the arrow keys, and fire your laser
cannons using the space bar.

The two different types of stages have slightly different controls: the horde
stage plays similarly to the original Space Invaders. Rows of aliens descend upon
your ship, and you must defeat all of them before they reach you at the bottom.
Movement in this mode is limited to the left and right arrow keys, as you must
stay at the bottom to protect the people on the ground.
The second mode is the boss battle. In this mode, you face only one enemy
which fills up the top half of the screen. You must fire in specific spots
multiple times to damage the boss.

Specs
The stage is always a static rectangle of space. No "stage progression" (eg
Super Mario) occurs.
The ship shoots bullets ("laser cannons").
The player begins with 3 "lives".

Horde Stage:
Your ship stays on the bottom half of the screen and movement is
limited to left and right. A horde of aliens assembles at the very top of the
screen in a rectangular shape (i.e. a strict n by m grid) and zig-zags down from
the top of the screen to the bottom a la Space Invaders. You lose if the bottommost
row of aliens reaches the row which contains your ship. You win if you shoot
all of the aliens.

Boss Stage:
Your ship is now free to move in four directions in the bottom half of the screen.
Now, the top half is occupied by a stationary boss monster. The boss monster has
several "weak spots" which will flash when they are able to be hit. At this point,
you must shoot at the flashing spots. Successful hits will decrement the boss's
health. The boss monster, instead of moving, will attack with laser beams of its
own. It will shoot one beam vertically and one beam horizontally across the screen,
forming a cross. You win if you successfully decrement the boss's health to 0, but
you lose if you are hit by a laser beam.
